Re-Identification in a Single Feed using BoT-SORT and YOLOv8
This project solves the Task 2 challenge: tracking and re-identifying players in a 15-second football video. The goal is to assign consistent IDs to players, even when they leave and re-enter the frame.

We used YOLOv8 for object detection, BoT-SORT for tracking, and OSNet for ReID (re-identification). Together, these ensure players are identified accurately and tracked consistently.

How It Works
The video is processed frame-by-frame using YOLOv8 to detect players.

Each detected player is passed to BoT-SORT, which handles ID assignment and motion tracking.

When a player leaves the frame and returns, OSNet ensures the same ID is re-assigned using appearance-based embedding.

The final output is a video with bounding boxes and unique ID labels for each player.

Project Structure
test_boxmot.py: Main tracking and detection logic.

convert_to_csv.py: Exports tracking data to CSV.

generate_gallery.py: Creates cropped gallery images of each player (useful for visual verification).

models/: Folder for your ReID model (e.g., best.pt – not tracked on GitHub).

output/: Stores the final annotated video and gallery images.

Installation & Requirements
To run this project:

Use Python 3.8 or higher.

Create a virtual environment:
python -m venv .venv
Activate it and install dependencies:


pip install -r requirements.txt
Make sure to manually place the model files:

yolov8n.pt (YOLO model)

models/best.pt (OSNet model)

⚠️ These are excluded from GitHub because they exceed the 100MB limit.

Running the Project
To start tracking and re-identification:


python test_boxmot.py
To export the CSV results:


python convert_to_csv.py
To generate cropped player thumbnails:


python generate_gallery.py
The processed video and files will be saved in the output/ directory.

GitHub Repository
You can find the code at:
🔗 GitHub Link

Make sure you clone the repo, add the models locally, and you're ready to go.


Project by Khushi Gupta for Task 2 submission (Re-Identification).
This showcases how YOLOv8, BoT-SORT, and OSNet can be combined for high-quality tracking and ReID in sports video analysis.
